docs: mention the correct Postgres version to use (#1245)
cds-snc/notification-api: README.md

`workon notifications-api`

> 9. Install [Postgres.app](http://postgresapp.com/) (version 12.6, not the latest).

Reviewer: We run 11.9 in staging/production at the moment. May be good to update the version here while we're at it! https://github.com/cds-snc/notification-api/blob/0ede6a61b48289236d1873124965d2bc22a9b27b/docker-compose.yml#L5

Author: The Postgres app [currently allows](https://postgresapp.com/downloads.html) 13.2, 12.6, 11.11, 10.16 and older ones. Given that version 12.6 is the upper one which still works I would recommend it in the install process for the dev environment. We might suggest 11.11 to be closer to the staging/prod env.

__Solution__: Check that `celery` is running. 

---

__Problem__: Running tests, `test_create_service_and_history_is_transactional` is failing with this error: `assert 'column "name" violates not-null constraint' in '(psycopg2.errors.NotNullViolation) null value in column "name" of relation "services_history" violates not-null constraint`

> __Solution__: Ensure your PostgreSQL version is 12.6, this error happens with version 13+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
__Solution__: Ensure your PostgreSQL version is 11.9, this error happens with version 13+.
```

Author: I would like to emphasis the fact that 13+ is not supported yet, but maybe we could provide a range for that particular known error, something like: `Ensure your PostgreSQL version is above 11 but below 13.`
